[WHISTLING]
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU'VE
BEEN TOLD ♪
♪ BUT TIME IS RUNNING OUT NO
NEED TO TAKE IT SLOW ♪
♪ I'M STEPPING TO YOU
TOE TO TOE ♪
♪ I SHOULD BE SCARED HONEY
MAYBE SO ♪
♪ BUT I AIN'T WORRIED BOUT IT
RIGHT NOW (RIGHT NOW) ♪
♪ KEEPING DREAMS ALIVE,
1999, HEROES ♪
♪ I AIN'T WORRIED BOUT IT RIGHT
NOW (RIGHT NOW) ♪
♪ SWIMMIN IN THE FLOODS, DANCING
ON THE CLOUDS, BELOW ♪
♪ I AIN'T WORRIED BOUT IT ♪
[WHISTLING]
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU'VE
BEEN TOLD ♪
♪ BUT TIME IS RUNNING OUT SO
SPEND IT LIKE ITS GOLD ♪
♪ I'M LIVING LIKE I'M 9 ZEROS ♪
♪ GOT NO REGRETS EVEN WHEN
I'M BROKE ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
♪ I'M AT MY BEST WHEN
I GOT SOMETHING ♪
♪ I'M WANTING TO STEAL ♪
♪ WAY TOO BUSY FOR
THEM PROBLEMS ♪
♪ AND PROBLEMS TO FEEL
(YEAH YEAH) ♪
♪ NO STRESSING JUST OBSESSIN
WITH SEALIN THE DEAL ♪
♪ I'LL TAKE IT IN AND LET
IT GO ♪
♪ BUT I AIN'T WORRIED BOUT IT
RIGHT NOW (RIGHT NOW) ♪
♪ KEEPING DREAMS ALIVE,
1999, HEROES ♪
♪ I AIN'T WORRIED BOUT IT RIGHT
NOW (RIGHT NOW) ♪
♪ SWIMMIN IN THE FLOODS,
DANCING ON THE CLOUDS, BELOW ♪
♪ I AIN'T WORRIED BOUT IT ♪
[WHISTLING]
♪ OOOOOOOOOO ♪
♪ I AIN'T WORRIED ♪
♪ OOOOOOOO ♪
♪ OH NO NO ♪
♪ I AIN'T WORRIED BOUT IT RIGHT
NOW (RIGHT NOW) ♪
♪ KEEPING DREAMS ALIVE,
1999, HEROES ♪
♪ I AIN'T WORRIED BOUT IT RIGHT
NOW (RIGHT NOW) ♪
♪ SWIMMIN IN THE FLOODS, DANCING
ON THE CLOUDS, BELOW ♪
♪ I AIN'T WORRIED BOUT IT ♪
[WHISTLING]